hey kids it's time to eat yeah yeah hi
folks another one in the series of my
cooking videos yeah that's what it is
kids Fat Tony is going to cook I just
need to explain in the previous video
when I talked about the diet that I went
on it was all about portion control
portion sizes so in this video what I'm
going to cook is salmon and it's very
simple to me you just use salmon how
long and you love the top of it with
olive oil then sprinkle it with lemon
pepper place it in the oven at 350
degrees for approximately 35 minutes it
is very simple here watch folks here we
have the salmon two types of salmon this
salmon here is farm raised salmon
this is wild salmon from the Pacific
Northwest this salmon comes from clog of
a local supermarket at about seven and a
half dollars a pound this comes from
Whole Foods ma we're about 21 dollars a
pound
now let me tell you the difference here
is as to why I preferred this one as
opposed to the farm raised look at the
color difference this has more fat in it
the farm raised salmon than the wild
salmon because the wild salmon has more
water more ocean to roam around and thus
it's leaner with less fat where is that
farm raised salmon is shucked together
and whatever they raise him in but a
whole bunch of others with less room to
maneuver and work off the fat that's the
difference between the two and this is
why I prefer the wild salmon it's more
expensive but it's healthier as opposed
to the farm raised and just look at the
difference in the color highlight and
it's very simple to prepare this salmon
first I will cut it up into small
portion sizes and then apply the
Olive Oyl a lot and then after the olive
oil put on lemon pepper seasoning okay
all right here we have the salmon cut up
into small portions remember it's all
about the portion size to maintain your
waist in addition I have it resting on
parchment paper instead of the aluminum
pan I do here's the parchment paper
I do not like to have my food cooked on
aluminum or in aluminum as you can see
the lemon pepper sprinkle on top after
the olive oil has been applied
oh what's that I hear
the time is going off I Becky this
salmon is ready let's go look kids okay
folks here is the finished product
mmm-hmm just cake now if you look at
these here salmon on the right how
delicious that looks so look at this
salmon on the left that's the farm
raised salmon I'll eat it anyway because
I paid good money for it also because
I'm cheap all right so now I put the
salmon on this plate to allow it to cool
off and we're going to do a figure eight
once it's cooled off I will put it in
vacuum sealed bags individually and
freeze it such as I've done with this
tilapia alright I hope you enjoyed it
like I said it's very simple to me and
very healthy to eat fresh fish such as
that if I mind a little fish oil pills
eat the real thing kids a lot and
remember
portion control we'll see you god bless
you god bless america
and God bless the nation your Appetit
see ya